# CME-ACE-materials

This repository contains review materials for the [ACE Program](https://engineering.stanford.edu/students-academics/engineering-diversity-programs/additional-calculus-engineers-ace) sections for the CME undergraduate sequence at Stanford University. The ACE (Additional Calculus for Engineers) Program is a supplementary instruction program targeted towards students from traditionally underrepresented backgrounds in engineering. Students attend weekly supplementary instruction sections and additional exam review session in order to provide academic support in introductory mathematics courses, which are often challenging for students coming from under-resourced high schools, and to foster a community of undergraduate engineering students. 

For seven quarters (6 quarters in CME 102, 1 quarter in CME 100), I worked as a course assistant for the ACE program. During this time, I developed a significant number of section materials for my students. In this repository are weekly section worksheets, exam review sheets, and (for CME 102) sets of extra practice problems, usually from selected textbooks. The derivations and explanations in the solutions are my own work. Some problems and diagrams are taken from textbooks or websites. These materials are provided purely as an educational resource. I hope that they'll provide future students of the CME 100/102 sequence at Stanford with a useful resource for understanding (and surviving) two challenging core courses.

Finally, I've begun working on notes for CME 102. These are available on my [ACE section website](https://timanderson1994.github.io/CME-Notes/CME102/).
